you ready
those too much shit like
boy that Maddie kibosh advice things up
yes
I mean oh no cuz I fixed your boy DJ
dita at the date oh shit them up you
just slang my yard house hahaha but
that's how cheesy don't have the trunk
on
the truffle shuffle
you're downloading the kitchen
couple even scratch with them survive
shut up let's play one game
people call an action to play games and
stuff excuse me
hello we should play the beachland son
bangle
oh no that shit out man they ask me
what's my favorite lead why would you
incident
oh boy why you've got people call me you
already know and you take you along with
them sandwiches you'll give me a mail on
my mom bring it down in I got something
taking Marilyn sandwiches
which one
why you looking at me for oh I got you
so jobs the window really the win
knocking the wind knocking at door I
know it's a demo to make sandwiches
oh no it's looking a little shaky
sure
imagine completely co-opted what you
mean like one thing that machine to do
ain't open yet please and you make that
you cool it yo we want would listen I
mean a nice not got a gun no see the you
Marvin oh you've not so you're mopping
away
killer